# CS-340

The way that I write programs confuses some people because I will write out all of the code, then go back through and perform any edits needed due to compilation errors, and then go through and comment on each piece of code that I didn't write a comment for. For me, it makes it easier to write code because then when I am done with testing and figuring out what I might have done wrong, I can then read through and write why I wrote something the way I did. There's many ways I could use the CRUD Python module in the future, one way is by creating my own database and using the module to allow me to have a simple-to-use UI to ensure that everything gets inserted into the database properly. The way I approach a problem as a computer scientist is by allowing myself to  talk to the users to figure out what everyone would like to see and implementing each piece one at a time to ensure that the system doesn't become overloaded or creating too many bugs that would cause the system to be unstable. This project was very easy for me since I have already created user interfaces that connect to databases at my previous college that I scored very high on for the capstone project. Some techniques that I will use in the future would be to make sure that the database is set up correctly to allow the data to be inserted without any issues. Computer Scientists not only create software, we also create interfaces that are simple-to-use, we create databases to hold data needed by companies to store a lot of information, and we also keep everything secure by running tests that are both functional and non-functional. By doing this, we can help companies like Grazioso Salvare keep doing their work while also allowing them to help us understand what they want from the software we are creating for them.
